Add support for --@io_bazel_rules_go//go/toolchain:sdk_version flag. (#3260)
bazelbuild/rules_go: go/toolchains.rst

Go. They may target all platforms that Go supports. The Go SDK is naturally
cross compiling.

By default, all ``go_binary``, ``go_test``, etc. rules will use the first declared
Go SDK. If you would like to build a target using a specific Go SDK version, first

> ensure that you have declared a GoSDK of that version using one of the above rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ensure that you have declared a Go SDK of that version using one of the above rules
```

(`go_download_sdk`_, `go_host_sdk`_, `go_local_sdk`_, `go_wrap_sdk`_). Then you
can specify the sdk version to build with when running a ``bazel build`` by passing
the flag ``--@io_bazel_rules_go//go/toolchain:sdk_version="version"`` where

> ``"version"`` is the SDK version you would like to build with, eg. ``"1.18.3"``.

Reviewer: Could you explain here that it's also possible to omit the patch version or specify the prerelease part?

Go. They may target all platforms that Go supports. The Go SDK is naturally
cross compiling.

By default, all ``go_binary``, ``go_test``, etc. rules will use the first declared
Go SDK. If you would like to build a target using a specific Go SDK version, first
ensure that you have declared a Go SDK of that version using one of the above rules
(`go_download_sdk`_, `go_host_sdk`_, `go_local_sdk`_, `go_wrap_sdk`_). Then you
can specify the sdk version to build with when running a ``bazel build`` by passing
the flag ``--@io_bazel_rules_go//go/toolchain:sdk_version="version"`` where
``"version"`` is the SDK version you would like to build with, eg. ``"1.18.3"``.
The SDK version can omit the patch, or include a prerelease part, eg. ``"1"``,

> ``"1.18"``, ``"1.18.0"``, and ``"1.19beta1"`` are all valid values for ``sdk_version``.

Reviewer: Can we really match `1.19beta1` or would we have to specify `1.19.0beta1`? Based on the settings above, I would have guessed the latter.

Author: Sorry I was on holiday.

Yeah you're right, we don't match 1.19beta1. I've updated the docs because I don't see a trivial way to support this.

Reviewer: Thanks!
